Louisville, KY, UPS worker, engineering, physics, algorithms, Carolina Panthers fan, Louisville Cardinals fan, Christian Church of Christ attendee, Demoman in Team Fortress 2, Team Fortress 2 modder, Star Wars fan, Borderlands fan, League of Legends player, D&D player, 9-ball pool player, Steve Smith fan, Luke Kuechly fan, Greg Hardy fan, Cam Newton fan, Matt Ryan fan, Ben Roethlisberger fan, Drew Brees fan, JJ Watt fan, Russell Wilson fan, Von Miller fan, Greg Olsen fan, Devin Funchess fan, Ed Dickson fan, Fozzy Whittaker fan, Jonathan Stewart fan, DeAngelo Williams fan, Greg Wall fan, Mike Tanier fan, Jan Smith fan, Jan Smith critic, Mike Tanier critic, Bleacher Report critic, Nashville area, engineering, technical fields, physics, algorithms, lifelong NFL fan, Denver Broncos fan, Cincinnati Reds fan, New Orleans Saints fan, Tampa Bay Buccaneers fan, University of North Carolina fan, University of Tennessee Volunteers fan, University of Louisville fan, University of Memphis fan, sister, documentary filmmaker, South Africa, adoption, charitable foundations, Pokémon games, conservative political views, wealth distribution, government spending, listening to elders, high school football, NFL defensive schemes, Cam Newton, 2000 Baltimore Ravens, Mad Ayy trilogy, Rio Bravo, troubleshooting hardware, microprocessors, Cleveland Cavaliers fan, Golden State Warriors fan, brother, football player, coach, Your Family Matters, El Dorado, Super Smash Bros. series, NFLPA, NFL league management, University of Tennessee player, University of Louisville player, University of Memphis player, Super Smash Bros. player, NFLPA follower, NFL league management critic, University of Tennessee history, University of Louisville history, University of Memphis history, Super Smash Bros. history, NFLPA history, NFL league management history, University of Tennessee history, University of Louisville history, University of Memphis history, Super Smash Bros. history, NFLPA history, NFL league management history, University of Tennessee history, University of Louisville history, University of Memphis history, Super Smash Bros. history, NFLPA history, NFL league management history, University of Tennessee history, University of Louisville history, University of Memphis history, Super Smash Bros. history, NFLPA history, NFL league management history, University of Tennessee history, University of Louisville history, University of Memphis history, Super Smash Bros. history, NFLPA history, NFL league management history, University of Tennessee history, University of Louisville history, University of Memphis history, Super Smash Bros. history, NFLPA history, NFL league management history, University of Tennessee history, University of Louisville history, University of Memphis history, Super Smash Bros. history, NFLPA history, NFL league management history, University of Tennessee history, University of Louisville history, University of Memphis history, Super Smash Bros. history, NFLPA history, NFL league management history, University of Tennessee history, University of Louisville history, University of Memphis history, Super Smash Bros. history, NFLPA history, NFL league management history, University of Tennessee history, University of Louisville history, University of Memphis history, Super Smash Bros. history, NFLPA history, NFL league management history, University of Tennessee history, University of Louisville history, University of Memphis history, Super Smash Bros. history, NFLPA history, NFL league management history, University of Tennessee history, University of Louisville history, University of Memphis history, Super Smash Bros. history, NFLPA history, NFL league management history, University of Tennessee history, University of Louisville history, University of Memphis history, Super Smash Bros. history, NFLPA history, NFL league management history, University of Tennessee history, University of Louisville history, University of Memphis history, Super Smash Bros. history, NFLPA history, NFL league management history, University of Tennessee history, University of Louisville history, University of Memphis history, Super Smash Bros. history, NFLPA history, NFL league management history, University of Tennessee history, University of Louisville history, University of Memphis history, Super Smash Bros. history, NFLPA history, NFL league management history, University of Tennessee history, University of Louisville history, University of Memphis history, Super Smash Bros. history, NFLPA history, NFL league management history, University of Tennessee history, University of Louisville history, University of Memphis history, Super Smash Bros. history, NFLPA history, NFL league management history, University of Tennessee history, University of Louisville history, University of Memphis history, Super Smash Bros. history, NFLPA history, NFL league management history, University of Tennessee history, University of Louisville history, University of Memphis history, Super Smash Bros. history, NFLPA history, NFL league management history, University of Tennessee history, University of Louisville history, University of Memphis history, Super Smash Bros. history, NFLPA history, NFL league management history, University of Tennessee history, University of Louisville history, University of Memphis history, Super Smash Bros. history, NFLPA history, NFL league management history, University of Tennessee history,
